when we heard the Canadian government
was moving to B hacking tools like this
one we sprung into action buying as many
of them as we could while we still
couldn't guys some of this stuff is
flipping wild like this electromagnetic
fault injector which
basically EMP bombs anything that you
pointed at how she doing oh whoopsy
Doodles but there was one device that
stood out from the rest all the Jammers
sniffers looters and tutors that hack
rf1 with the portter PAC H2 Mayhem
Edition now being a decade old radio
transceiver you'd think it's got to be
pretty outdated by now but thanks to its
robust developer ecosystem open- Source
design and ample tutorials for users of
any level the hack rf1 has turned into a
virtually unmatched Wireless hacking
Swiss army knife it's capable of
stealing a car breaking into a house
stampeding cattle through the Vatican
and even creating a small pirate FM
radio station that plays skibbidy toilet
on Loop but how exactly is this being
used by nefarious and law-abiding people
alike should it be banned and what would
that even look like well we have some
ideas just like we have some ideas on
how to Segway to our sponsor next too
say hello to the hello cam Pro and give
your setup an upgrade thanks to its
1080p 60 frames per second resolution
and windows hello facial recognition
learn more using our Link in the
description and Next To
[Music]
Go part of this device's superpower is
its ability to read and transmit radio
signals and I already know what you're
thinking so could my grandpa's TransAm
but Pea's whip was limited in both the
frequencies that it could tune into and
in how it could use them not so for us
with the right setup we can detect and
even glean useful information from radio
signals that you probably didn't even
know existed like the ones coming from
this display cable it's stuck in
grayscale but look at this you can
totally make out what this person is
doing on their screen this style of
eavesdropping is called then e freaking
and was first outlined in a 1985 paper
by its namesake whim van e of course
that was 40 years ago surely Modern
Display protocols protect against this
kind of snooping
right right well as long as you're
talking about display port VGA DVI and
yes even HDMI can all be monitored pun
intended with the hack RF provided that
you are within range how far is that
range well for our relatively small
omnidirectional antenna we're looking at
inches rather than meters but in his
original paper on the topic Vanek was
able to spy on a CRT display several
hundred meters away using a directional
FN antenna similar to the kind that was
found on home rooftops in the 20th
century I mean sure that was an analog
signal coming from a type of display
that oozed radiation but modern
techniques aren't that far off just a
few weeks ago researchers in Uruguay
managed to train an AI to descramble
images at much greater ranges now the
quality of these images not to mention
the model's likelihood to hallucinate
have yet to be seen let's not forget the
Samsung pictures of the Moon debacle but
this still has major implications for
people who are working with highly
sensitive information luckily most
people aren't in possession of
information that's worth stealing at
least not while it's this much effort to
do so but what most people do have is
material things like this and this and
this and what's very little effort is
using the hack rf1 to sneak past a
wireless security
camera whether they're for Wi-Fi car
keys or cell phones Jammers all work
roughly the same
way by sending out as much junk traffic
as possible at the same frequency to
mask or disrupt legitimate traffic kind
of like shouting between two people
trying to have a conversation and the
portter pack interface when it's updated
with the jamming software plugin makes
makes jamming terrifyingly easy Once you
know the channel a device is using which
you can often find with the hack rf1 all
you need to do is Click transmit Jammer
select the channel from a list and hit
go now obviously a GoPro would be a
pretty odd choice for a security camera
but our point is that this kind of
technique is useful
aha on pretty much any Wi-Fi camera and
unless it has local storage for backup
that's exactly what's going to happen
you're going to get if anything little
bits and pieces of what's going on
that's one of the main reasons that we
avoid wireless security cameras here at
the office now this type of jamming is
illegal in most countries including
Canada so you can safely assume that
everything you just saw was movie Magic
and was shot in a Brazilian jail
Romanian one got to go
the question that must be in your mind
now then is why don't they just ban
these things well as I mentioned before
the Canadian government is certainly
trying but it's not really a simple task
for one thing like a hammer these
devices have nefarious uses but they
also have many legitimate uses for
example you can use the hack rf1 to
monitor for interference that might be
affecting your Wi-Fi or your Bluetooth
devices you can get data on flights that
are passing overhead you can listen to
FM radio and do so much more it's like a
full toolkit for learning about RF
another issue preventing a Crackdown on
these is that not every type of jamming
requires easily detectable brute for
spam a Wi-Fi deauthentication attack for
example finds the MAC address of a Wi-Fi
access point it copies it then
continuously sends deauthentication
packets to every connected device
preventing them from staying connected
the pagi or this deor watch are perfect
examples of devices that can perform
these types of attacks literally from
your wrist and all they're doing is
exploiting a perfectly legitimate
feature of the Wi-Fi protocol I mean you
can Outlaw this behavior and they do but
how do you prove it didn't happen by
accident how do you prove who did it the
last big obstacle to Banning these
devices is that pretty much all of them
are based on cheap readily available
single board Computers Plus parts that
can be easily found in a children's
robotics Club I mean it's already
illegal in just about every country
Canada included to be carrying around a
break-in instrument and the burden of
proving you have a legitimate use for it
falls on the
accused but even this relies on officers
to recognize that that video game or
Smartwatch looking thing is what it
actually is so there's nothing we can do
to keep these tools out of the hands of
Nells so what do we do now well we
contacted Great Scott gadgets creators
of the hack rf1 to discuss this topic
and politely they told us to pound sand
fair enough I mean we did call their
device aoral in our coverage of the
flipper zero but they also weren't alone
in denying our request for comment every
hacking tool company that we contacted
from electronic cats to deike to our
friends over at hack five where
completely unwilling to engage in
conversation about the legality of their
products which makes a lot of sense I
mean they build them for Security
Professionals but they're clearly being
used by shadier folks with recent car
theft Trends grabbing a lot of headlines
and putting them in an uncomfortable
position so I'm going to say what I
believe they would say if they were
willing to say it the better solution is
to beef up our security though this is
easier said than done in our flipper
zero video we briefly explained how the
hack rf1 can be used to defeat rolling
code security for a vehicle's keyless
entry system and if you're an avid Tik
Tok user you're probably already
familiar with the Kia boys a trend where
teenagers were stealing Kia and Hyundai
Vehicles made after 2012 by breaking
open the steering column usually with a
screwdriver not purchased at LTD
store.com and plugging a bog standard
USB cable into the ignition that doesn't
even require a hack rf1 or anything
fancy so what's clear is that in the
interest of saving a buck modern devices
can often take a painfully LAX approach
to Security even ones that cost tens of
thousands of dollars like the Honda CRV
that vehicle holds the title of most
stolen car in Canada because while it
would normally take a fair bit of effort
to defeat rolling code not to mention
specialized equipment the rolling pone
attack exploits a flaw that causes the
CRV to reset the code counter allowing
previously used codes to both open and
start the vehicle and it took an
embarrassing amount of time for Honda to
identify and address this issue so yeah
are these devices actually making it
easier to steal cars and generally cause
trouble of course they are especially by
making them so easily available to folks
who wouldn't have the wherewithal to
build one themselves but the same could
be said for a hammer this could help you
break into a car more easily are we
going to get rid of them so I think the
focus should be on the big automakers
and how they manage to fail so so hard
and on the organized crime networks that
are engaging in these practices at scale
rather than on the makers of softwar
defined radio
devices and the focus should be on our
sponsor Squarespace having a website is
key to establishing an online presence
for your brand or business you
understand and Squarespace makes it easy
thanks to Squarespace blueprint a tool
designed to give you great layouts and
styling options so your website is
optimized for every device there's so
many devices these days they also have
integrated optimized SEO tool so you can
show up more often to more people in the
right place on the first page and if you
plan on selling products on your website
Squarespace makes checkout seamless with
simple yet powerful payment tools they
accept credit cards PayPal and even
Apple pay to give your customer
flexibility just give me the money
however you want we love Squarespace so
much we even use it here for our own
website so start building your website
today and receive 10% off your first
purchase by visiting squarespace.com LT
if you guys enjoyed this video and you
want to know more on this subject check
out our video on The Flipper zero
another Swiss army knife of Homebrew
hacking